README.md, before:

# arch linux

## Description
*Let people know what your project can do specifically. Provide context and add a link to any reference visitors might be unfamiliar with. A list of Features or a Background subsection can also be added here. If there are alternatives to your project, this is a good place to list differentiating factors.*

## Branching Model
I use GitLab / GitHub Flow as branching model. The default branch is main. 

https://about.gitlab.com/topics/version-control/what-is-gitlab-flow/
https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/using-github/github-flow

Below is the workflow for adding new code:
1. Create feature branch
2. Make changes on this feature branch
3. Create a merge or pull request for merging feature to main
4. Delete your feature branch

## Contributing
Every feedback is appreciated.

## Authors and acknowledgment
**Michael Friderich**<br>
<br>
[![E-Mail](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Mail-090909?style=for-the-badge&logo=protonmail&logoColor=007BB6)][mail]
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-090909?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=007BB6)][linkedin]

[mail]: mailto:gitlab@frideri.ch
[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/michael-friderich-b699a4140/?locale=en_US

## License
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE, Version 3, 29 June 2007

## Project status
This project is maintained by me.

Commit message:

add pre-commit info to README.md

README.md, after:

# arch linux

## Description
*Let people know what your project can do specifically. Provide context and add a link to any reference visitors might be unfamiliar with. A list of Features or a Background subsection can also be added here. If there are alternatives to your project, this is a good place to list differentiating factors.*

## Branching Model
I use GitLab / GitHub Flow as branching model. The default branch is main. 

https://about.gitlab.com/topics/version-control/what-is-gitlab-flow/
https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/using-github/github-flow

Below is the workflow for adding new code:
1. Create feature branch
2. Make changes on this feature branch
3. Create a merge or pull request for merging feature to main
4. Delete your feature branch

## Pre-commit hooks
I use the pre-commit hook example. This is not yet devloped further.

https://pre-commit.com/

## Contributing
Every feedback is appreciated.

## Authors and acknowledgment
**Michael Friderich**<br>
<br>
[![E-Mail](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Mail-090909?style=for-the-badge&logo=protonmail&logoColor=007BB6)][mail]
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-090909?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=007BB6)][linkedin]

[mail]: mailto:gitlab@frideri.ch
[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/michael-friderich-b699a4140/?locale=en_US

## License
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE, Version 3, 29 June 2007

## Project status
This project is maintained by me.
